I'm gonna describe you the idea of a video game I have that kind of shows describe life with Pekau. PKU. The kind of design of the game, it's like the old game boy Super Mario style, where there is a little animated character that is running and the screen can changing. So the inspiration is really Super Mario. The character as a bar on the screen that represents the levels basically. Maybe also the energy, I don't know yet. And the idea is that it needs to eat the right food like vegetable protein pasta, things like that. So the idea, I mean the goal is to complete the level staying in the goal is complete the level. But then how the character will interact with the element on the screen. For example, it will need to eat fruits, vegetables, there are gonna be good elements, good food that increase just a little bit. The bar and there are other food that are gonna increase a lot the levels of the character. And then there are like supplements that keep like superpower like that the character is going to be able to go much faster. And then if the bar level is too low, so not enough fail, let's say the energy is gonna be low. So the character will start to be slowly slower. And if the bar is too high, the character behavior is starting, will start being disturbed. And this can be like that the screen is not very visible anymore, like kind of like headache sensation. It can be that it doesn't respond very well to command anymore and things like that. And if the it's gonna be a timer and if the timer finishes until the character reaches the new level, you lost.